0.1 Yadav to SE Marsh, no run, slants a length ball across Marsh, watched through to Dhoni
0.2 Yadav to SE Marsh, no run, shapes back in, nice and full around off, he plays a firm drive to mid-off
0.3 Yadav to SE Marsh, no run, in the corridor of uncertainty, the ball was angling away, Marsh was in two minds, in the end just withdrew his bat at the last second, zips through to Dhoni. Good start this
0.4 Yadav to SE Marsh, no run, full and across Marsh, this one goes straight on, left alone
0.5 Yadav to SE Marsh, FOUR, width on offer and that has been crashed away into the point boundary. No one moved
0.6 Yadav to SE Marsh, no run, tight line this time, back of length on middle, hint of nip away, Marsh dabs it with soft hands to the off side Sran to share the new ball with Umesh

1.1 Sran to Finch, 1 run, full and angled across, Finch throws his bat at it, gets a thick edge that just falls short of third man
1.2 Sran to SE Marsh, no run, nips away from the good length area outside off, left alone
1.3 Sran to SE Marsh, 1 run, good delivery, full, shapes away in the air, Marsh is drawn forward as he drives, gets a thick inside edge to square leg
1.4 Sran to Finch, 1 wide, movement in the air but it was sliding down leg, easy call for the umpire. Indians bowled 19 extras in the last game. That's the first today
1.4 Sran to Finch, no run, length ball angling away, left alone this time
1.5 Sran to Finch, FOUR, crunching cover drive. Hit me written all over that half-volley. Full, not much movement and all Finch had to do was simply extend his arms and lend direction, which he did. Super shot
1.6 Sran to Finch, no run, back of length delivery around off stump, left alone

2.1 Yadav to SE Marsh, no run, moves away from off stump, squeezed towards cover point
2.2 Yadav to SE Marsh, no run, good delivery, length ball, closer to the stumps, Marsh hops back and plays it with soft hands
2.3 Yadav to SE Marsh, 1 run, looks to crash it through cover, ends up slicing it behind point towards third man
2.4 Yadav to Finch, 3 runs, stands tall and punches it between the two cover fielders, good chase by Rahane but a weak throw. Once again a back of length delivery, good bat flow from Finch as he came down on it
2.5 Yadav to SE Marsh, no run, turned towards mid-on this time, Marsh was hurried for pace on that occasion
2.6 Yadav to SE Marsh, FOUR, beautiful flow of the bat once again. Pitched up, not much movement, Marsh plants his front foot forward and essays a classic cover drive past the diving Virat Kohli at wide mid-off

3.1 Sran to Finch, no run, floats it full and across Finch, left alone
3.2 Sran to Finch, 2 runs, hops back and plays the Natraja shot, gets it into the gap at deep backward square leg
3.3 Sran to Finch, no run, excellent stop by Jadeja at backward point, it was crunched but he threw himself to his left to stop that
3.4 Sran to Finch, 1 run, gets a thick inside edge towards fine leg, lucky
3.5 Sran to SE Marsh, no run, good delivery this time, more effort into the delivery, lands it ahead of good length around off, left alone
3.6 Sran to SE Marsh, FOUR, wow! simply, wow. Half volley outside off, simply leans into the drive and eases it into the gap at cover. Sourav Ganguly would have been proud of that stroke. Nice high elbow as ball met bat, enough power. Once he found the gap, there was no stopping that Ishant into the attack

4.1 I Sharma to Finch, no run, another half volley outside off, this one's hit hard to Rohit at cover. Finch will be kicking himself, a boundary missed.
4.2 I Sharma to Finch, 1 wide, nips away from outside off, Finch watches it through to Dhoni. He was flirting with the wide line, umpire thinks it was wide enough
4.2 I Sharma to Finch, 1 run, angled it full on middle from wide of the crease, tucked to short midwicket for a quick single
4.3 I Sharma to SE Marsh, 3 runs, sliding into the pads, easy pickings, flicked into the gap at square leg, they're back for the third quite easily, can be tough to throw on the turn here. The throw from Rohit had no power whatsoever
4.4 I Sharma to Finch, no run, that's closer to the stumps, just a touch around off, held its line, left alone
4.5 I Sharma to Finch, no run, back of length delivery on off, tapped to short cover
4.6 I Sharma to Finch, no run, punched to Rohit at cover, no boundary of the over. Better one for India

5.1 Sran to SE Marsh, 3 runs, gentle half volley on the pads, superbly flicked away, long boundary there at deep midwicket, they missed an opportunity to get back for the fourth. Poor bowling
5.2 Sran to Finch, FOUR, short, wide and four! Sitting up nicely for Finch to use the width and put that away into the gap behind point. Easy pickings at any level of cricket really
5.3 Sran to Finch, FOUR, gentle full toss this time on off, Finch says 'thank you very much'. Leans forward, goes through the line and beats cover. No chance of stopping that
5.4 Sran to Finch, no run, straight in and straight out. Gurkeerat puts down a sitter at mid-off. It was right in the slot to drive, he hit it hard, he looked like grabbing that, popped out.
5.5 Sran to Finch, no run, back of length delivery on off, left alone
5.6 Sran to Finch, no run, excellent stop by Rohit, throwing himself to his right, deflected to Gurkeerat at mid-off. Saved a certain boundary

6.1 I Sharma to SE Marsh, 1 run, gentle tap to mid-off as they scamper through for a quick single. Umesh was caught napping at mid-on, shouldn't have been a run
6.2 I Sharma to Finch, no run, good ball, angled in on off from wide of the crease at length, left alone
6.3 I Sharma to Finch, no run, hits the deck hard, extra bounce, hurries onto Finch's bat as he looks to defend off the back foot
6.4 I Sharma to Finch, 1 run, back of length delivery on middle, tucked wide of square leg
6.5 I Sharma to SE Marsh, FOUR, short ball at 137 kph, enough time for Marsh to swivel and pull that one behind square. Picked the bones out of that one. Rolled his wrists to keep it down, raced away into the boundary
6.6 I Sharma to SE Marsh, no run, nips away from length area outside off, left alone

7.1 Yadav to Finch, OUT, a wicket finally. The outside edge has been found courtesy some late movement. Good length, drew him forward, Finch went for the drive, but the foot was nowhere to the pitch of the ball, gets a thin edge which MS accepts gleefully. The manner in which he threw the ball up after pouching that had relief written all over it. He doesn't generally get very animated after taking a catch, he was this time.
7.2 Yadav to Smith, 1 wide, this one is directed down leg side, some work for the umpire
7.2 Yadav to Smith, 2 runs, too straight this time, tucked away wide of midwicket, off the mark with two easy runs
7.3 Yadav to Smith, no run, full on middle, driven to mid-on
7.4 Yadav to Smith, no run, late movement again, full on middle, Smith is slightly squared up as he defends it to mid-on
7.5 Yadav to Smith, 1 run, punched to point where Jadeja dives to his right to save a certain boundary, they get through for the single though
7.6 Yadav to SE Marsh, no run, shapes away from outside off, left alone

8.1 I Sharma to Smith, no run, back of length delivery on off, defended to the off side
8.2 I Sharma to Smith, no run, punched through the line, straight to Shikhar D at cover point
8.3 I Sharma to Smith, no run, another punch, another stop by Shikhar
8.4 I Sharma to Smith, FOUR, short ball, Smith manages to get enough bat on it as he fetches the pull from outside off, beats the gap between midwicket and mid-on
8.5 I Sharma to Smith, FOUR, not all that short this time, but another pull that has split the gap on the on side. Went like a rocket. Only a batsman in the form of his life can think of playing that stroke. That Smith is in the form of his life would be an understatement
8.6 I Sharma to Smith, no run, prods forward half-heartedly, gets an inside edge onto the pad

9.1 Yadav to SE Marsh, no run, beaten on the drive, played outside the line, doesn't carry to Dhoni
9.2 Yadav to SE Marsh, 1 leg bye, beaten for pace, thuds into the thigh pad, rolls to the on side as they steal a bye
9.3 Yadav to Smith, no run, full and swinging in on middle and off, Smith gets a thick inside edge towards midwicket
9.4 Yadav to Smith, no run, peach of a delivery. Lands it a touch ahead of the length area on off, this one nips away just a touch, Smith is beaten as he looks to hit through the line
9.5 Yadav to Smith, FOUR, beats the diving Jadeja at backward point. Right line, but wrong length. Too short, he unfurls his wrists superbly to beat the infield
9.6 Yadav to Smith, no run, full on off, carefully defended to the off side

10.1 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, no run, bowls a cutter to start off, short around off, kept a little low, Marsh is beaten on the pull
10.2 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, no run, nice and full on off, driven to mid-off. Kohli effects a direct hit at the bowler's end but Smith's bat is well inside the crease. Third umpire was called for a mere formality
10.3 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, no run, tight line, just in and around the off stump, he gets forward and plays it with soft hands
10.4 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, no run, good chance of pace, well disguised, Marsh shaped to drive but checked his shot at the last moment, defended to the cover fielder
10.5 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, 2 runs, width on offer this time, squeezed away behind point, Sran covers good ground from third man, dishes in a dive to pull that back in
10.6 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, 2 runs, once again eased behind point towards Sran, excellent running between the wickets. Not a bad first over from Rishi D

11.1 Yadav to Smith, 1 run, just short of Rahane at midwicket. Slice of luck for Smith. Looked to flick that past the fielder, didn't get enough bat on that. Few words exchanged between Smith and Umesh
11.2 Yadav to SE Marsh, 1 run, hurried for pace, still manages to awkwardly whip that towards square leg
11.3 Yadav to Smith, 2 runs, excellent punch again, width on offer, eased into the gap at cover point, third man had to run in to stop that
11.4 Yadav to Smith, 3 runs, width on offer, eased towards third man where Sran runs around, does all the hard work but can't time his dive, parries the ball further but recovers well enough to save a run
11.5 Yadav to SE Marsh, 2 runs, pulled handsomely in front of square this time, but there is protection in the deep
11.6 Yadav to SE Marsh, no run, better length, a touch fuller and just around off, carefully defended off the back foot

12.1 R Dhawan to Smith, 1 run, slow leg cutter on off, pushed to deep cover
12.2 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, no run, floats it full and across Marsh, angling away, left alone
12.3 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, no run, tight line on middle, pushed to mid-on. Not much swing but he's been accurate largely
12.4 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, 2 runs, the slower one is bowled full and wide this time, Marsh goes after that one, slices it over the infield, deep cover comes around to stop that
12.5 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, 1 run, nice drive down to Kohli at long-off
12.6 R Dhawan to Smith, 1 run, full ball on middle, eased down the ground to mid-on

13.1 Gurkeerat Singh to Smith, 1 run, tossed up on middle, played to long on
13.2 Gurkeerat Singh to SE Marsh, 1 run, eased wide of cover
13.3 Gurkeerat Singh to Smith, no run, spins back in from outside off, gets a thick inside edge towards square leg
13.4 Gurkeerat Singh to Smith, no run, played to midwicket this time. Shouts of 'badiya' from MSD
13.5 Gurkeerat Singh to Smith, 1 run, half-stop by Rahane at midwicket gives them the single
13.6 Gurkeerat Singh to SE Marsh, FOUR, too short this time, cut away into the gap. Cry of anguish from Dhoni this time. Got into position early and executed that cut shot to perfection

14.1 R Dhawan to Smith, no run, slower and fuller on off, played back to the bowler
14.2 R Dhawan to Smith, no run, authoritative drive, but a diving Rohit took the pace off the ball, it deflected towards mid-off
14.3 R Dhawan to Smith, FOUR, that will definitely frustrate Dhoni, who was standing up to the stumps. Drifting down leg, tickled easily into the fine leg boundary
14.4 R Dhawan to Smith, no run, defended back down the pitch
14.5 R Dhawan to Smith, no run, pushed to short cover again
14.6 R Dhawan to Smith, 1 run, slower and fuller, eased to deep cover

15.1 Gurkeerat Singh to Smith, no run, tossed up on off, pushed back to the bowler
15.2 Gurkeerat Singh to Smith, no run, gets forward and pats it with soft hands
15.3 Gurkeerat Singh to Smith, FOUR, tossed up on off, gets to the pitch and crashes that into the cover boundary. Rohit dived across but it was hit really hard
15.4 Gurkeerat Singh to Smith, no run, steps out and plays it back to the bowler
15.5 Gurkeerat Singh to Smith, 1 run, turns back in, tucked to short fine to bring the 100 up. India were 34 behind at the same point
15.6 Gurkeerat Singh to SE Marsh, no run, gets forward and smothers the spin

16.1 R Dhawan to Smith, no run, angles it full on middle from wide of the crease, pushed to mid-on
16.2 R Dhawan to Smith, no run, driven straight to Rahane at cover, accurate stuff
16.3 R Dhawan to Smith, no run, excellent stop by Jadeja at point again, timed well once again by Smith
16.4 R Dhawan to Smith, no run, bowls it full on middle, Rishi puts his hand out to stop that firm drive back down the ground
16.5 R Dhawan to Smith, 2 runs, slower one on off stump, eased into the gap at cover where Ishant misfields
16.6 R Dhawan to Smith, 1 run, shows the full face of the bat and eases it down to long on

17.1 Gurkeerat Singh to Smith, 1 run, steps out and turns the low full toss into the midwicket region
17.2 Gurkeerat Singh to SE Marsh, no run, gets forward and eases it with soft hands to cover
17.3 Gurkeerat Singh to SE Marsh, no run, steps out but doesn't get underneath it, squeezed back to the bowler
17.4 Gurkeerat Singh to SE Marsh, no run, slow turn from off, cuts to point
17.5 Gurkeerat Singh to SE Marsh, 3 runs, gets a thick edge that flies behind point, Jadeja dives across and pulls one back in
17.6 Gurkeerat Singh to Smith, 1 run, steps out and whips it to midwicket

18.1 Jadeja to Smith, no run, tossed up on middle, driven impressively, Kohli throws himself to his right at short cover and makes a smart save
18.2 Jadeja to Smith, 1 run, fired on middle, whipped to long on
18.3 Jadeja to SE Marsh, 2 runs, drifting into the pads, neat little glance to long leg
18.4 Jadeja to SE Marsh, 1 run, another non-turning ball, this is flicked past midwicket
18.5 Jadeja to Smith, OUT, Jadeja strikes in his first over. India find a way past Smith. Jadeja held this one back, gets some turn as well. The outside edge is grazed and Rahane goes low at first slip to pouch it safely
18.6 Jadeja to Bailey, 1 run, looped up on middle, front-foot drive to long-off

19.1 Gurkeerat Singh to Bailey, 1 run, steps out and turns it to square leg, a direct hit at the bowler's end from Jadeja and Bailey would have been struggling. In fact gone
19.2 Gurkeerat Singh to SE Marsh, no run, dabbed with soft hands to the off side
19.3 Gurkeerat Singh to SE Marsh, 1 run, steps out and turns it to long on
19.4 Gurkeerat Singh to Bailey, 1 run, nicely tossed up outside off, driven firmly to wide long-off
19.5 Gurkeerat Singh to SE Marsh, 1 run, makes room and eases that one to deep cover
19.6 Gurkeerat Singh to Bailey, 1 run, steps out and whips it wide of midwicket

20.1 Jadeja to Bailey, FOUR, chips down the track and hits it down the ground over mid-on, safe shot given the fielder was in
20.2 Jadeja to Bailey, 1 run, sliding into middle and leg, tucked wide of midwicket
20.3 Jadeja to SE Marsh, no run, turned with the spin to midwicket
20.4 Jadeja to SE Marsh, no run, fires it into the stumps, Marsh stays inside the crease and defends it down the pitch
20.5 Jadeja to SE Marsh, 1 run, turned wide of Kohli at mid-on for a quick single
20.6 Jadeja to Bailey, no run, good stop off his own bowling, it was a firm drive

21.1 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, no run, chops one towards backward point
21.2 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, 2 runs, full outside off, squeezed into the gap behind point, back for the second to get to a fifty. Soaks in the applause of the crowd, but knows the job is just half done. 12th fifty for him
21.3 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, no run, beaten as he looks to ease that behind point, this one was too full, cramped for room
21.4 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, 1 run, slower and fuller on off, mistimes that one back past the bowler
21.5 R Dhawan to Bailey, no run, pushed firmly to mid-off
21.6 R Dhawan to Bailey, FOUR, too short, sitting up nicely for him to play the pull, Dhawan comes around, does all the hard work and then falls over, in trying to push it back in, he manages to push it into the boundary instead. Surely the crowd behind him will keep buzzing in his ears. Can be massively embarrassing

22.1 Jadeja to SE Marsh, no run, pushed to Rohit at cover
22.2 Jadeja to SE Marsh, no run, spins back in, looks to whip that one, hit on the thigh pad
22.3 Jadeja to SE Marsh, 1 run, this time, he manages to get it into the gap at midwicket
22.4 Jadeja to Bailey, no run, drifts in and spins away, tapped back to the bowler
22.5 Jadeja to Bailey, 1 run, driven with the spin to long off
22.6 Jadeja to SE Marsh, no run, quicker one on middle from wide of the crease, played back to the bowler

23.1 R Dhawan to Bailey, FOUR, pierces the gap between cover and mid-off. Not all that bad a delivery but he simply put the front foot forward and hit through the line. Perfect balance, super timing
23.2 R Dhawan to Bailey, no run, sliding down leg, tickles the pad as Dhoni stops that down leg. Stifled appeal, but more out of hope than anything else
23.3 R Dhawan to Bailey, 1 run, tucked down to fine leg, Umesh was quick to get off the blocks
23.4 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, no run, full on middle, turned to mid-on
23.5 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, FOUR, crunching cover drive. Juicy half volley this time, leans forward and crunches that into the gap. Second boundary of the over. What flow
23.6 R Dhawan to SE Marsh, no run, outstanding stop by Jadeja at point again. Would have saved at least 10 runs on the field today, yet India find themselves well behind in the piece

24.1 Jadeja to Bailey, no run, pushed to cover
24.2 Jadeja to Bailey, 1 run, turns away, eased wide of cover for an easy single
24.3 Jadeja to SE Marsh, no run, round-armish this time, lands it on middle, turned to midwicket
24.4 Jadeja to SE Marsh, no run, hurries onto him, defended
24.5 Jadeja to SE Marsh, 2 runs, sliding down leg, tickled towards the fine leg region, easily done
24.6 Jadeja to SE Marsh, no run, tucked to square leg

25.1 Gurkeerat Singh to Bailey, 1 run, swept with the spin to deep backward square
25.2 Gurkeerat Singh to SE Marsh, 1 run, played with soft hands to short midwicket, quick single taken again
25.3 Gurkeerat Singh to Bailey, 1 run, hit to mid-on, they get across for a risky single
25.4 Gurkeerat Singh to SE Marsh, 1 run, steps out and eases it with the spin to long off
25.5 Gurkeerat Singh to Bailey, no run, steps out, looks to turn it with the spin, hit straight to Kohli
25.6 Gurkeerat Singh to Bailey, 1 run, tossed up nicely, bit of spin on that one, driven inside-out to long off

26.1 Jadeja to Bailey, OUT, beautifully bowled. Ball drifts back in, rips off the surface, turns square, ball zips past Bailey's half-hearted prod, his back foot was in the air as Dhoni collected it cleanly and whipped the bails off in a split second. He made it look so easy. His back foot was on the line. That will definitely even the scales once again. Dhoni knew immediately that it was out. He didn't need confirmation from the third umpire. The giant screen flashes 'OUT' and there's a roar from the Indian contingent.
26.2 Jadeja to Maxwell, no run, gets forward and defends
26.3 Jadeja to Maxwell, no run, beats the outside edge this time, square turn for Jadeja again. Dhoni whips the bails off again. He's on fire. This time, the back foot was inside the crease
26.4 Jadeja to Maxwell, no run, pushed to Kohli at cover
26.5 Jadeja to Maxwell, no run, pushed through quicker, gets some fizz again from middle, Maxi gets back and pushes it back with a straight bat
26.6 Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run, eases it with the spin to long-off, gets off the mark

27.1 I Sharma to Maxwell, no run, played back to the bowler
27.2 I Sharma to Maxwell, no run, pitched up outside off, driven well but Kohli throws himself to his left to stop that
27.3 I Sharma to Maxwell, 2 runs, floats it full on middle and off, doesn't get enough timing but there's still enough to squeeze that past midwicket
27.4 I Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run, chops it behind point for an easy single
27.5 I Sharma to SE Marsh, no run, full and sliding across the batsman, left alone
27.6 I Sharma to SE Marsh, no run, driven well, Ishant manages to stop that on his followthrough, nearly deflected it back onto the stumps at the bowler's end

28.1 Jadeja to Maxwell, FOUR, doesn't take long for him to unfurl the reverse sweep. Hit fiercely over point. Quick change of grip and boom!
28.2 Jadeja to Maxwell, no run, played to midwicket, this one was pushed through quicker on middle again
28.3 Jadeja to Maxwell, no run, makes room and punches it to Kohli at cover
28.4 Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 wide, round-arm action again, this one's sliding down leg, excellent take by Dhoni
28.4 Jadeja to Maxwell, 2 runs, makes room and chips it inside-out over extra cover, lot of work for the boundary rider
28.5 Jadeja to Maxwell, no run, gets back and defends it to cover this time
28.6 Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run, sharp turn again from off, bunted behind point for an easy single

29.1 I Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run, angling into middle and leg, flicked behind square to deep fine leg
29.2 I Sharma to SE Marsh, no run, driven firmly but can't pierce cover, straight to Kohli who has a glare at Maxwell at the non-striker's end
29.3 I Sharma to SE Marsh, 1 run, excellent square drive, straight to Rohit in the deep
29.4 I Sharma to Maxwell, 2 runs, short on middle and leg, pulled away into the gap, Umesh does well to come around from deep fine again
29.5 I Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run, short and wide outside off, punched to deep point
29.6 I Sharma to SE Marsh, OUT, huge roar from Ishant, and that tells you how much it means to him! Coming back to the delivery, it was a length ball that was angling across, good seam position, the ball held its line, Marsh nibbled at that one without any conviction, got a thin edge, straightforward catch for MS Dhoni. India back into this big time .So, Dhoni's decision to bring Ishant back in for a new spell has worked. One Marsh is out, another one's in.

30.1 Sran to Maxwell, 1 run, length ball on off, punched to deep cover
30.2 Sran to MR Marsh, no run, gets back into the crease and bunts it to the off side, loud call of no as soon as he hit it
30.3 Sran to MR Marsh, 1 run, gets to the pitch and drives that one to deep cover, off the mark
30.4 Sran to Maxwell, FOUR, good clean strike down the ground. Nice juicy half volley on off, Marsh shows the full face of the bat and lofts him nice and clean, one bounce into the long-on boundary
30.5 Sran to Maxwell, 1 run, bunts it down to third man, sensible stuff
30.6 Sran to MR Marsh, FOUR, beautifully struck down the ground. Poor ball and that has been easily hit back past the mid-on fielder. Lovely timing. Straight bat down to generate the power and timing

31.1 I Sharma to Maxwell, FOUR, improvisation at its best. Short ball on middle, Maxwell arches back and directs it over Dhoni's head. You can't seat a fielder for that stroke
31.2 I Sharma to Maxwell, no run, stands tall and punches it to mid-off
31.3 I Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run, plays that down to Sran at third man, quickly off the blocks on that occasion
31.4 I Sharma to MR Marsh, no run, gets half-forward and bunts it to point
31.5 I Sharma to MR Marsh, 1 leg bye, extra bounce this time, hits him high on the right thigh, and they take a leg-bye. A direct hit from Jadeja at the bowler's end would have been interesting
31.6 I Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run, angled into middle and leg, tucked to fine leg

32.1 Yadav to Maxwell, no run, back of length delivery on off, punched to Kohli at cover
32.2 Yadav to Maxwell, 1 run, forced off the back foot to deep point
32.3 Yadav to MR Marsh, no run, closer to the stumps this time, length ball, played back to the bowler
32.4 Yadav to MR Marsh, no run, looks to play a pull off the front foot, toe ends it to mid on
32.5 Yadav to MR Marsh, FOUR, that's what annoys Dhoni the most about Umesh. Short and angling down leg, he helps it on its way into the fine leg boundary. Long hop that deserved to be put away
32.6 Yadav to MR Marsh, FOUR, another poor ball. Result the same. Down leg side, tickled into the fine leg boundary. Umesh quickly looks away even as a helpless Dhoni gestures towards him

33.1 Sran to Maxwell, no run, sliding into middle, looks to tuck it past square leg, misses
33.2 Sran to Maxwell, no run, full on off from wide of the crease, nips away a touch, Maxwell's squared up as he defends
33.3 Sran to Maxwell, 2 runs, plays a half-pull down to Dhawan at fine leg, was cramped for room but went through with the stroke
33.4 Sran to Maxwell, 1 run, runs it down to third man
33.5 Sran to MR Marsh, no run, angles it full once again, touch of movement as well, played back down the pitch
33.6 Sran to MR Marsh, 2 runs, flays that one to deep cover, excellent running between the wickets

34.1 Yadav to Maxwell, no run, hit firmly to Shikhar at mid-off
34.2 Yadav to Maxwell, no run, closer to the stumps this time, length ball, played back down the pitch with soft hands
34.3 Yadav to Maxwell, 1 run, appeal for lbw, Maxi is struck on the pad as he looks to run it down to third man, was perhaps struck outside the line
34.4 Yadav to MR Marsh, no run, length ball on off, pushed to cover
34.5 Yadav to MR Marsh, no run, appeal for lbw as the ball tails back in to hit him on leg. Mitch Marsh was rushed into that attempted flick, umpire reckons it was sliding down. Good call
34.6 Yadav to MR Marsh, 2 runs, shows the full face of the bat and plays it down to Ishant, who makes a mess of that at mid-on, what was meant to be a dot ball is two instead. He took his eyes off the ball. Very, very poor. Kohli is livid and he has every right to be.

35.1 Sran to Maxwell, 2 runs, OUT, steps out and crunches that wide of mid-off, Umesh gives it chase, turns around and fires a throw towards Dhoni's end. Mitch Marsh was strolling back casually as the stumps are broken down by the Indian captain, who didn't give any hint of rushing in to take the throw at all. Within the bat of an eye lid, the next thing Mitch Marsh knew was the stumps were broken and he was a couple of inches short. How good has Dhoni been with the gloves today?
35.2 Sran to Wade, 1 run, angled down leg, turned it down to square leg, easy ball to get off the mark
35.3 Sran to Maxwell, 1 run, pulled towards Gurkeerat at deep midwicket
35.4 Sran to Wade, no run, tails back in slightly from off stump, carefully defended to the on side
35.5 Sran to Wade, no run, nips back in from the length area on off, defended to the off side
35.6 Sran to Wade, no run, tapped towards point with soft hands

36.1 I Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run, pushes him onto the back foot by digging one short on off, dropped towards cover with soft hands for a quick single
36.2 I Sharma to Wade, 1 run, wrong line, pulled away but straight to deep midwicket
36.3 I Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run, good line once again, in and around off, pats it towards Jadeja at point and scoots across for a single, brilliant effort to fire a direct hit at the non-striker's end
36.4 I Sharma to Wade, 1 run, too full this time, driven nicely towards deep cover
36.5 I Sharma to Maxwell, no run, angles it ahead of good length on off from wide of the crease, defended to midwicket, he was overbalanced as he made contact
36.6 I Sharma to Maxwell, no run, accurate stuff, lands it on off, played back down the pitch

37.1 Sran to Wade, 1 run, angles a length ball on middle and leg, thuds into the thigh pad as he looks to work it past square leg
37.2 Sran to Maxwell, no run, looks to step out and slap that over the off side, cramped for room, beaten
37.3 Sran to Maxwell, 1 run, gets a thick edge down to Ishant at third man, big cheer from the crowd as he fields it. Ishant waves back to the crowd
37.4 Sran to Wade, 1 run, nearly chopped back onto the stumps, Dhoni runs in and then uses his football skills to kick it onto the stumps at the striker's end, misses but Maxwell may have been in
37.5 Sran to Maxwell, 1 run, pulled but straight to Gurkeerat at deep midwicket
37.6 Sran to Wade, 1 run, mistimes the pull to Rohit at mid-on

38.1 I Sharma to Wade, OUT, short ball angling away, Wade looks to fetch the pull from outside off, only manages to top edge the pull, Dhawan comes running in from mid-on, settles underneath it and completes a simple catch. Wade didn't look comfortable at all. Was overbalanced too, and the pressure has consumed him when all he had to do was bunt one and give strike to Maxwell. The roar in the Indian camp is back.
38.2 I Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run, angles one down to third man, excellent work by Rishi Dhawan to keep it down to a single
38.3 I Sharma to Faulkner, no run, nice and full around off, shows the full face and plays it with soft hands
38.4 I Sharma to Faulkner, 1 run, nearly chopped it back onto the stumps. Dhoni does superbly to move to his left, dive and keep that down to a single. On another night, he would have been walking back to the pavillion
38.5 I Sharma to Maxwell, no run, gets an inside edge as he prods outside the line, the point fielder Jadeja comes running in quickly to cut that off
38.6 I Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run, tucked away towards midwicket

39.1 Sran to Maxwell, FOUR, short ball on off, he clears the front leg and slaps that over cover, couple of bounces into the boundary. Sitting up nicely because there was no pace on it. He will feast on those all day
39.2 Sran to Maxwell, 2 runs, slower one on middle and leg, nurdled into the gap at midwicket, excellent running there, just got it in between the two fielders there
39.3 Sran to Maxwell, no run, appeal for caught behind. Maxwell backed away to go over point, the swing seemed to have missed the outside edge, or did it? Faint deviation on snicko
39.4 Sran to Maxwell, 1 wide, slower delivery down leg, Maxwell avoids it at the last moment, right call in the end
39.4 Sran to Maxwell, SIX, how much power does he generate! Backs away once again, the short ball was coming in, but backed himself to slap that over the infield and managed to get it all the way over the boundary. So what if the square boundaries are huge? He can still muscle them
39.5 Sran to Maxwell, no run, Jadeja has single-handedly saved two runs at least, clubs the pull, he throws himself to his left to stop that and then recover quickly to fire a rocket throw
39.6 Sran to Maxwell, no run, slower one on middle, plyed back down the pitch

40.1 Yadav to Faulkner, no run, length ball on off, bunted to cover
40.2 Yadav to Faulkner, 1 run, turned away off his pad towards square leg
40.3 Yadav to Maxwell, no run, punched to Rohit at point
40.4 Yadav to Maxwell, no run, fetches the whip from outside off, straight to Ishant at square leg
40.5 Yadav to Maxwell, no run, length ball on off, hustled for pace, he hops back and taps it back down the pitch
40.6 Yadav to Maxwell, no run, shapes to pull, ball kept low and hurried on to hit him on the right thigh. Looks to scamper through but Umesh gets across quickly

41.1 Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run, into the pads, tucked to midwicket for an easy single
41.2 Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run, fired into middle, backs away and drives it to long-off
41.3 Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run, misfield at cover by Rishi, Jadeja hares across to keep it down to a single
41.4 Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run, backs away to cut, cramped for room, still gets some bat on it, rolls to point
41.5 Jadeja to Faulkner, no run, pushed through quicker on middle, squeezed back down the pitch
41.6 Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run, eased wide of the bowler to long-on

42.1 Yadav to Faulkner, no run, superb delivery. Lands it at length on off, the ball cuts back in sharply, Faulkner pushes outside the line and is cut into half, just goes over the stumps. Cracking stuff
42.2 Yadav to Faulkner, no run, hit back down the ground to mid-off, went hard at it, only managed to toe end it
42.3 Yadav to Faulkner, 1 run, full on middle, turned away to midwicket, Faulkner called for two, but Gurkeerat was in quickly, fired the throw
42.4 Yadav to Maxwell, SIX, clears the front leg and tonks one over long-off. Cross-court fore hand, anybody? He sure can try that at the Rod Laver Arena tomorrow.
42.5 Yadav to Maxwell, 2 runs, too full on the pads, gets across and works it into the gap between deep midwicket and long-on
42.6 Yadav to Maxwell, (no ball) FOUR, high full toss outside off, he backs away and slaps it over cover, didn't get hold of it but still managed to clear the in-field quite astonishingly. Free hit time
42.6 Yadav to Maxwell, 1 run, excellent stop by Kohli at cover, saved three there.

43.1 Jadeja to Maxwell, no run, backs away to hit over cover, changes his mind and taps it back to the bowler
43.2 Jadeja to Maxwell, 2 runs, steps out and works it towards square leg, excellent running, Umesh caught napping
43.3 Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run, punched wide of cover
43.4 Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run, turns away, he opens the face of the bat and gets it down to deep cover
43.5 Jadeja to Maxwell, no run, played with the spin to Kohli at cover
43.6 Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run, fired into middle and leg, worked towards square leg, Shikhar is alert to the possibility of the second

44.1 I Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run, floats it full on off, driven to long-off
44.2 I Sharma to Faulkner, 1 run, tip and run, like well all do at street cricket. Plays it with soft hands towards Gurkeerat at cover
44.3 I Sharma to Maxwell, no run, backs away to slap that over cover, no room to work with, beaten. Excellent change of pace from Ishant, it was the leg-cutter
44.4 I Sharma to Maxwell, no run, slower one again on middle and leg, turned to Umesh at square leg, Maxwell was miles outside the crease, not sure why Umesh didn't throw. There was no one backing up alright, but he should have taken the chance and fired the throw
44.5 I Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run, tucked round the corner towards fine leg
44.6 I Sharma to Faulkner, 1 run, shows the full face of the bat and eases it down to long on

45.1 Jadeja to Faulkner, FOUR, draws an outside edge that races away past short third man. No slip, no one at 45, the pace on the ball was enough
45.2 Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 run, worked across the line to long on
45.3 Jadeja to Maxwell, FOUR, steps out and chips it inside-out into the cover boundary. They had the fielder in the deep for a reverse sweep, this time he got to the pitch and placed it superbly into the gap
45.4 Jadeja to Maxwell, no run, steps out, Jadeja fires it into middle and leg, deflects off the pad to the off side, Jadeja got to it quickly and fired a throw at the bowler's end. Direct hit and Faulkner was struggling
45.5 Jadeja to Maxwell, no run, gets away this time, the reverse sweep finds Ishant at short third man
45.6 Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run, sliding into middle, worked to mid-on

46.1 I Sharma to Maxwell, FOUR, buffet bowling, as Geoff Boycott would say. Short and angling down leg, tickled into the fine leg boundary. Pressure's off.
46.2 I Sharma to Maxwell, 1 run, worked across the line towards square leg
46.3 I Sharma to Faulkner, no run, can't pierce the gap on the off side, straight to Kohli at cover
46.4 I Sharma to Faulkner, 2 runs, steps out and eases it into the gap at square third man, back easily for the second run. Just backed away, made room and chopped it nicely
46.5 I Sharma to Faulkner, no run, crunched but straight to Rohit at cover this time
46.6 I Sharma to Faulkner, 2 runs, gets a thick inside edge but the long-on fielder had to come in a long way, back for the second without a fuss

47.1 Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run, slices it wide of point, didn't get to the pitch of the ball as he looked to go over cover
47.2 Jadeja to Faulkner, no run, drifts in and spins away, played back to the bowler
47.3 Jadeja to Faulkner, no run, fired into middle, dabbed back down the pitch
47.4 Jadeja to Faulkner, 2 runs, excellent stop by Shikhar at deep square, it was a fierce sweep shot, covered ground, dived to cover the line
47.5 Jadeja to Faulkner, 1 leg bye, deflects off the pad, but there is short fine leg
47.6 Jadeja to Maxwell, 1 run, low full toss outside off, squeezed to cover and they scamper through for a single. That's the end of Jadeja's spell. Quite brilliant

48.1 Yadav to Maxwell, no run, backs away to slap it over the infield, hits it well, one bounce to Shikhar at mid-off, doesn't take the run despite one being easily available
48.2 Yadav to Maxwell, SIX, he's hit that 15 rows back into the long boundary at long-on. Umesh floats it full on middle and leg, Maxwell backs away and swings cleanly down the ground. What elevation, pinged the middle of the bat
48.3 Yadav to Maxwell, FOUR, short, wide and he cracks that up and over backward point, huge gap there, deep cover fielder did a 200-metre sprint but couldn't get anywhere near the ball. Maxi one hit away from a century
48.4 Yadav to Maxwell, OUT, looks for the glory hit, the length ball gets a little big on him, can't get any power behind that attempted slap over cover, Dhawan, running back from mid-off, keeps his eye on the ball and takes it well. It was swirling in the air but he kept his composure. Has come a little too late for India. Maxwell walks off to a huge round of applause. What a knock!
48.5 Yadav to Faulkner, 1 run, dabbed wide of point for an easy run as Australia take an unassailable lead in the five-match series
